Security/document audit deprecation (#104685)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/security-settings.asciidoc

[cols="2*<"]
|======
| `xpack.security.audit.enabled` {ess-icon}

> | Set to `true` and configure where the audit log should be written to using `xpack.security.audit.appender` to enable audit logging. *Default:* `false`

Reviewer: I'm having a hard time parsing this sentence.  Can the part about enabling audit logging go first?

Set to `true` enable audit logging with `xpack.security.audit.appender` and configure where to write the audit log.

> | Set to `true` to enable audit logging and configure where the audit log should be written to using `xpack.security.audit.appender` . *Default:* `false`

Reviewer 2: Looking great!

One last thing:

Re-reading this, from the "Audit logs" page it implies that you need `xpack.security.audit.appender` to use ECS audit events: https://kibana_104685.docs-preview.app.elstc.co/guide/en/kibana/master/xpack-security-audit-logging.html#xpack-security-ecs-audit-logging

However, that links to the Audit logging settings page: https://kibana_104685.docs-preview.app.elstc.co/guide/en/kibana/master/security-settings-kb.html#audit-logging-settings
And that page actually doesn't mention that it enables ECS audit logging. Further down, it _does_ mention what you need to do to enable only _legacy audit logging_, though.

What do you think about changing this to make it clear?

```suggestion
| Set to `true` _and_ configure an appender with `xpack.security.audit.appender` to enable ECS audit logging` . *Default:* `false`
```

<1> Rotates log files every 24 hours.
<2> Keeps maximum of 10 log files before deleting older ones.

[NOTE]
============

> {ess} does not support custom log file policies. To enable audit logging on {ess} only specify:

Reviewer 2: This is also a limitation for ECE, not just ESS. I'm not sure if we have an `{ece}` token though? @gchaps WDYT?

> {ess} does not support custom log file policies. To enable audit logging on {ess} only specify:

Reviewer 2: @gchaps what do you think about this admonition for ESS/ECE?

[source,yaml]
----------------------------------------
xpack.security.audit.enabled: true
xpack.security.audit.appender.type: rolling-file
----------------------------------------
============

[WARNING]
============

> To enable the legacy audit logger (**deprecated**) only specify:

Reviewer 2: I'm not 100% sure how this will look until it's rendered, but I think we should use the "deprecated" keyword here:
```suggestion
deprecated:[7.15.0,"In 8.0 and later, the legacy audit logger will be removed, and this setting alone will instead enable the ECS audit logger with a default appender."] To enable the legacy audit logger, only specify:
```

It should render as a bit of crossed out text that shows a tooltip when you mouse over; here's an example of what it will look like:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5295965/124815942-e39e5f80-df35-11eb-8d1f-4fa00d822ce7.png)

> deprecated:[7.15.0,"In 8.0 and later, the legacy audit logger will be removed, and this setting alone will instead enable the ECS audit logger with a default appender."] To enable the legacy audit logger only specify:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deprecated:[7.15.0,"In 8.0 and later, the legacy audit logger will be removed, and this setting will enable the ECS audit logger with a default appender."] To enable the legacy audit logger only specify:
```
